

If we have not me in person, which is likley these days

I'm Adam Fakes

I joined RUBIX last year, it was actually on April fools day, for 
me and my sense of humour, it seemed about right

A super quick run down of me
- I have been in the IT for around 25 years.
- I have a Degree is Science (Computer Science and Environmental Science) 

- I worked for small, medium and large companies, namely  IBM,  MYOB, and TAB 
  seems like I like acronyms - 

- the most amazing places I have worked were also acronyms: CSIRO & JCU
  Commonwealth Scientifc and Industrial Research Organisation
  James Cook University

 With both CSIRO and JCU I worked as a Climate Change Researcher
 I basically got paid to go fishing and camping.

 The most amazing project I worked on, over 5 years, was GRACE a Gravity satellite system 
 that measures the Earth's gravity. From this we could measure the GroundWater 
 of the planet, without digging.
 
 Overrall I worked as Climate Science Researcher for 8 years.

I have worked on a everything from sensors, hardware connectivity, software & 
data engineering, physical and virtual infrastructure, Software Design, development, and testing.
The only thing I don't do is UI design. Green on Black, Courier 10 pt is fine

I have been working AWS (Amazon Web Services) for over 6 years, building things like
 API gateways, Lambda Functions, EC2's, kinesis streams etc. Most via software as code 
 whether its CloudFormation, SDK's or the command line.
 
I really like JavaScript, well it's proper name these days ECMA Script 6.
The years in Science I got to know GIS, Geographic Information Systems very well. 
I spent a far amount of my time doing Time Series and GeoSpatial statistics & modelling.

I have built a number of Neural Network models, some predicting Climate Change effects on forest structure
and others to predict the population of fish in rivers


Otherwise what else do I do, who am I
I have a 20 year daughter, I am proud to say is getting HD's 
in mathematics engineering and non-fiction writing.

In the past I ran marathons, but now happy to ride, I usually do 50KM rides on the weekends

I also like taking photos, mainly of landscapes.

