

If we have not met in person, which is likely these days

I'm Adam Fakes

I joined RUBIX last year, it was on April Fools day, for me and my sense of humour, it was perfect

A super quick run-down of me
- I have been in the IT for around 25 years.
- I have a Degree is Science (Computer Science and Environmental Science)
- I worked for small, medium and large companies, namely  IBM,  MYOB, and TAB, seems like I like acronyms

the most amazing places I have worked were also acronyms: CSIRO & JCU
  Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation     &     James Cook University

With both CSIRO and JCU I worked as a Climate Change Researcher, I basically got paid to go fishing and camping.

The most amazing project I worked on, over 5 years, was GRACE a Gravity satellite system that measures 
 the Earth's gravity. From this we could measure the GroundWater of the entire planet, without digging.
 
I worked as Climate Science Researcher for 8 years.

I have worked on a lot from sensors, hardware connectivity, software &
data engineering, physical and virtual infrastructure, Software Design, development, and testing.
The only thing I don't do is UI design. Green on Black, Courier 10 pt is fine

I have been working AWS (Amazon Web Services) for at least the last 6 years, building things like
 API gateways, Lambda Functions, EC2's, kinesis streams etc. Most via code whether its CloudFormation
SDK's or the command line.

 
I really like JavaScript, well it's proper name these days ECMA Script 6.

The years in Science I got to know GIS, Geographic Information Systems very well.
I spent a fair amount of my time doing Time Series and Geospatial statistics & modelling.

I have built a number of Neural Network models, some predicting Climate Change effects on forest structure
and others to predict the population of fish in rivers


I am also the founder of Nurello a research platform https://www.nurello.com/
Myself and my co-founder have been building this system for 5 years.


Otherwise what else do I do, who am I

I have a 19 year daughter, she is 2nd year University, I am proud to say is getting HD's in Mathematics, Engineering and non-fiction writing.
and would like to do a Internship with RUBIX in the Summer

In the past I ran marathons, but now happy to ride, I usually do 50km  on the weekends

I also like taking photos, mainly of landscapes, since they don't move